creoltools 0.0e (2007-XX-XX): alpha release.

In the language:
* In order to avoid some mess with parsing static attribute access
  expressions, the syntax has been changed.  The upper and lower
  bould constraints on method calls are given with the <: and :>
  operators.  A static access to an attribute is written as
  a@C.  The conflict arises after the sequence m@C{.,(}
* The exponentiation operatore has been removed, because ** is used for
  tuple type construction now.
* a@C is a left hand side operator now.

In the compiler:
* Sequence is represented as a binary operator, like merge and choice.
* Proper left hand side constructors are now defined.
* normalize_sequences will convert all sequences into a right-threaded
  format.

In the interpreter and model checker:
* The interpreter and the model checker have been optimized.  They run
  up to 15% faster now.
* Aid has been renamed to Vid and AidList to VidList.  Aid is the sort
  of 'String @@ Cid' now.
* An error in choosing the disabled branch in nondet has been corrected.

Other:
* The documentation has been updated.



creoltools 0.0e (2007-06-22): alpha release.

In the compiler:
An infinite loop in parsing erroneous object creation statements has been
corrected.

The XML output has been improved.

In the interpreter:
To avoid errors on HFS+ file systems the runtime files of the interpreter
have been prefixed with creol-

Editing mode:
Pulled the maude mode maintained by Rudi and drop the older version from
the dirstribution.

Dropped the PDF from the distributed tar ball to keep the size of the
distribution reasonable.

An error in compiling the tool on MacOS has been corrected.

The configure scripts will warn about a missing maude.

The creol editing mode has been modularised into its own independently
distributable subpackage.

The spec file has been cleaned up.


creoltools 0.0d (2007-06-13): alpha release.

In the compiler:
Renamed await wait to release and corrected the semantics of this statement.
`await wait' has been replaced by `release'.  `release' will always suspend
control, even in merge statements.

WARNING: The semantic may still change in merge statements.
The expression language has been extended to include tuples.
Perform the lowering of Creol to the interpreted Core Creol in the
compiler.  The equations doing this have been removed from the interpreter.

In the interpreter:
Accepts Creol but only the Core language.
Smaller changes and corrections to make "search" do something useful and to
optimize method binding.

A script for collecting some information needed for error reporting has
been added.

The emacs editing mode for creol programs has been improved a little
bit.


creoltools 0.0c (2007-05-07): alpha release.

In the compiler:  
Functions use parenthesis instead of brackets.
The operator precedence for expressions has been rewritten.
A pretty printer is provided, which can be called with the `-target creol'
option.
Output for the model checker can be generated with the `-target maydemc'
switch.
The script `creolshell' compiles a file and launches maude with the
compiler output.
Errors have been corrected.

In the interpreter:
Some mistakes have been corrected.  await wait is now treated like an ordinary
statement, which is never enabled and always ready.  This simplifies its
treatment.


creoltools 0.0b (2007-03-16): alpha release.

The package has been renamed to `creoltools' and the compiler to `creolc'.
The pretty printer has been improved and it does not emit so many parenthesis.
Corrections to the maude interpreter and the model checker were made.
Output can now be stored as XML, use the flag -x name to write the abstract
syntax tree to the file name.  By default the output will now be written to
`out.maude'.  The file name can be overridden by supplying the option -o name.
If printing to the screen is desired, use `-o -' or `-x -'.



creolcomp 0.0a (2007-03-05): alpha release.

Documentation is very incomplete.  Parser works for some examples,
some error messages are slightly meaningful, and it generates code
for the Maude interpreter.

